Management Philosophy Materiality Matrix

The philosophy of “Mutual Prosperity” lies at the heart of our sustainability agenda. NIPSEA Group believes that
business success has to be measured by both the achievement of continued commercial viability and also the
realisation of our commitments to our Planet and People. ESG considerations are deeply embedded into our
business operations to ensure and safeguard continued growth for both NIPSEA Group and the environment.
By drawing on the diverse competencies of our companies, we are able to maximise impact across ESG areas of
material importance to us. In doing so, we are well-positioned toward achieving sustainable growth in the long run.
Management Structure
NIPSEA Group’s sustainability commitments are spearheaded by our Group Chief Executive Officer (“GCEO”).
The Sustainability Steering Committee also oversees initiatives managed at the corporate group level. The
committee comprises heads of departments from our five core business functions: Research & Development,
Marketing & CSR, Human Resources, Finance and Business Excellence. These advisors provide insights
on ESG strategies which ultimately influence the organisation’s efforts across 6 broad themes: (1) People,
(2) Environment, (3) Customers, (4) Community, (5) Technical Capability, and (6) Organisational Health.
The “High Priority” category refers to topics of utmost significance to us. Accordingly, we aspire to lead the way in
effecting change regarding areas concerning these subjects, with essential targets implemented to monitor the
progress of our efforts. Currently, there are 19 “High Priority” topics that the report emphasises.
The “Emerging Priority” category refers to topics to be considered by NIPSEA Group in the short term as part of
our commitment to fulfilling rising stakeholder expectations and changes in regulatory trends. Topics under this
category can later be classified in subsequent reports as “High Priority” when they are of greater significance
to us and our stakeholders. Currently, there are 5 “Emerging Priority” topics.
Based on the GRI principles, all the topics have been categorised according to the Economic, Environment and
Social categories. The colour legend provides a reference to the categorisation of topics according to GRI standards

Ensuring Fair Employment Practices
NIPSEA Group is committed to ensuring that all employment policies and
practices are aligned with the guidelines established by local authorities. We
take pride in advocating for a diverse and inclusive workforce that encompasses
different genders, generations, nationalities, and expertises across countries
working collaboratively to produce better business outcomes for both our
customers and the communities that we operate in.
By including and valuing our multi-generational workforce for their years of
valued experience, we also look towards offering re-employment contracts to
employees before their retirement date approaches for the opportunity to
mentor the next generation of employees. In FY2021, the Group’s new hire
rate measured 26.0%, which was higher compared to 2020. On the other
hand, the Group’s turnover rate was 18.7%, which was also higher than last
year’s number due to an increasingly competitive job market.
Furthermore, the proportion of senior management hired from local communities measured at 57.1%. Hiring local
talents in the countries we operate in is critical to developing a competitive edge in capturing market share whilst
creating job opportunities in these markets.