We believe in "Mutual Prosperity." This means our success isn't just about making money. It's also about taking care of our planet and people. We focus on environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues in everything we do. This helps NIPSEA Group and the environment grow together. By using our different company strengths, we make a big impact on important ESG areas. This helps us grow in a way that lasts.

Our top boss, the GCEO, leads our sustainability efforts. A special committee also helps with company-wide projects. This committee has leaders from our main departments: research, marketing, HR, finance, and business excellence. They give advice on ESG plans. These plans guide our work in 6 main areas: People, Environment, Customers, Community, Technical Skills, and Company Health.

"High Priority" topics are super important to us. We want to lead the way in making changes in these areas. We set goals to track our progress. There are 19 "High Priority" topics right now.

"Emerging Priority" topics are things NIPSEA Group will look at soon. This is because what people expect from us is changing, and so are rules. These topics might become "High Priority" later if they become more important to us and the people we work with. There are 5 "Emerging Priority" topics now.

We group all topics into Economic, Environment, and Social categories. This is based on GRI rules. A color guide helps you see how topics are categorized.

We make sure our hiring rules are fair. We follow local laws. We're proud to have a diverse team. This means people of different genders, ages, and backgrounds from many countries work together. This helps us do better for our customers and communities.

We value our older employees' experience. We offer them new contracts before they retire. This gives them a chance to teach newer employees. In 2021, 26% of our employees were new hires, which was more than in 2020. Our employee turnover rate was 18.7%, also higher than last year. This is because the job market is very competitive.

Also, 57.1% of our senior managers were hired from local communities. Hiring local talent where we work is key. It helps us compete better and create jobs in those areas.